Enhancement: Easier switching between summary and details (#52)
dbt-labs/dbt-audit-helper: README.md

  validation.
* `primary_key` (optional): The primary key of the model. Used to sort unmatched
  results for row-by-row validation.

> * `summary` (optional): Allows you to switch between a summary or detaied view
>   of the compared data. Accepts `true` or `false` vaules. Defaults to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `summary` (optional): Allows you to switch between a summary or detailed view
  of the compared data. Accepts `true` or `false` values. Defaults to `true`.
```
Couple of typos here and below. 

Also, I would suggest `summarise` (or `summarize` 😬) as the argument name, so that it's a verb (as a noun, it sorta implies that you are meant to pass _in_ some sort of summary object)
